Next up on CopyKat.com how to make Chicken Quesadillas.
Hi everyone, this is Stephanie Manley  with CopyKat.com and I am going
you how to make
easy chicken quesadillas
this has been a request from a viewer just like yourself
they wanted to know how I make chicken quesadillas, so I am going to show you how.  I am going to
assume you have a bit of chicken leftover
We are going to go ahead and sautee up a couple of vegetables
to make this taste extra good, okay
we're gonna put a couple tablespoons
of oil
in a pan that far little bit hot and
we're going to add to this
I have a chopped onion and some bell pepper, that was left over
I am going to put in there.  And I have some left over
like mushrooms few whatever you have for
just a thought AB thought for a minute
kill and while the veggies i've got a
nap or gonna go ahead and Chopper check
and
and again that the chicken that with
leftover
from another me all clinic have faith
and knife
maastricht so that the whole case India
can have
lament check in
cocaine to come in at just a little bit
of all the hope the flavors mingle
together little bit better
me
nothing really good in here right now I
further onion testing
bell pepper beaten up early night
beleaguered so we're gonna let the
people you thought a for couple moments
them when the
ready I'll show you what to do next okay
fell
the vessels are honest and I what he
could sick and heated up a little bit
so I'm gonna go ahead add the second for
the fact they can just for
a moment a few cell warmed up while
nobody like him fed carefully and in the
fall
mobile I like to hear
right now RA so this is warmed up and
not gonna go ahead and put it in a hall
we can make our KKS random in a white
that the cannot be right back
and now it's time to go ahead and make
the actual but he does know what you
wanna do you wanna take a tortilla
and put it on a warm skillet thing we're
going to do is we're going to take for
the Nationals and put them
on top of the tortilla after we plant
cheese this when I had a couple
tablespoons of Chi
sex organ at some veggies
bring up but a tortilla on top
risking a lot they continue to cook for
a moment or two
and then the flip it over and cook the
other side alright then we just made our
chicken case that the ANC if Fulham
veggies and cheese Anthony really really
tasty
please be sure to subscribe to this
channel so you don't miss any of our
upcoming
recipes also give us a little up by a
giving up big thumbs up it really help
without
and drop us a comment down below love
what you like to think that
thanks for watching